Docker Image documentation; updated and transferred from separate repository Readme (#74)
payara/Payara-Community-Documentation: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/documentation/ecosystem/docker-server-usage.adoc

=== Configuration

==== *Environment Variables*

The following environment variables are available to configure Payara Server. When edited either in a `Dockerfile` or before the `startInForeground.sh` script is ran, they will change the behaviour of the Payara Server instance.

* `POSTBOOT_COMMANDS` - The name of the file containing post boot commands for the Payara Server instance. This is the file written to in the `generate_deploy_commands.sh` script.
* `MEM_MAX_RAM_PERCENTAGE` - Value for the JVM parameter `-XX:MaxRAMPercentage` that indicate the percentage of memory assigned to the container that can be used by the Java Process. By default this is _70_.
* `MEM_XSS` - Defines the value of the Stack size, used in the JVM parameter `-Xss`. The default value is _512k_.
* `DEPLOY_PROPS` - Specifies a list of properties to be passed with the deploy commands generated in the `generate_deploy_commands.sh` script, For example `'--properties=implicitCdiEnabled=false'`.
* `PREBOOT_COMMANDS` - The name of the file containing pre boot commands for the Payara Server instance.

> * `ADMIN_PASSWORD` - The password used for accessing the server in combination with user name defined in  `ADMIN-USER`. By default this is `admin`.

Author: ADMIN_PASSWORD is used to define the password for the admin user. See this line in d dockerfile.

````
echo "AS_ADMIN_PASSWORD=\nAS_ADMIN_NEWPASSWORD=${ADMIN_PASSWORD}" > /tmp/password-change-file.txt \
`````

The ADMIN_USER is effectively read only.

> * `ADMIN_PASSWORD` - The password used for accessing the server in combination with user name defined in  `ADMIN-USER`. By default this is `admin`.

Reviewer: Yes. This happens at build time when the base image is built. If ADMIN_PASSWORD is set in a derived Dockerfile or when a container is started, it has no effect. That's why it's effectively read only.

If would need to be picked up by one of the init script to have any effect after the base image is built.

* `PAYARA_ARGS` - additional arguments to the `start-domain` command that starts the server. Use this only if it’s not enough to specify the configuration using the `POSTBOOT_COMMANDS` or `PREBOOT_COMMANDS` file
* `JVM_ARGS` - Specifies a list of JVM arguments which will be passed to Payara in the `startInForeground.sh` script.

> * `AS_ADMIN_MASTERPASSWORD` - The master password to pass to Payara Server. This is overriden if one is specified in the `$PASSWORD_FILE`.

Author: correct, was wrong in the old documentation

In cases this is not sufficient, you can add your own init scripts to the `${SCRIPT_DIR}`. You need to follow the naming convention: `init_<num>_<text>.sh`, where `<num>` gives you a simple option to run scripts in order. Be aware that the default deploy commands script is using this, too.

If you do not want to create a sub-image, you can also mount a volume to `/opt/payara/scripts/init.d` and each `*.sh` file in there will be executed in standard file order.

*Please note:* you can combine both approaches, but please keep in mind that scripts from `init.d` will run _after_ those from subimages!

=== *The default Docker entry point*

The default entry point is https://github.com/krallin/tini[tini], as the JVM should not run as PID 1. The default `CMD` argument for `tini` runs the `bin/entrypoint.sh` script in _exec_ mode, which in turn runs the following:

* `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init_1_generate_deploy_commands.sh`. This script outputs deploy commands to the post boot command file located at `$POSTBOOT_COMMANDS` (default `$CONFIG_DIR/post-boot-commands.asadmin`). If the deploy commands are already found in that file, this script does nothing.

> * `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init_*.sh` scripts that you may provide for custom use as waiting or initializing during startup, *before* Glassfish kicks in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `${SCRIPT_DIR}/init_*.sh` scripts that you may provide for custom use as waiting or initializing during startup, *before* Payara Server starts.
```
